sigh Lee are you there yellow all right
working magic we're in great so just let
me find what's the first thing we're
gonna talk about here oh really oh yeah
that's right this is whether you can
take the TOEFL in the bathtub we talked
about this didn't we that's leading you
cannot take it in your bathtub alright
let's go through it so tell us about
TOEFL Home Edition because coronavirus
is happening all around the world and
it's obviously shutting down testing
centers but ETS being the clever
organization that they are they've
developed a home test how does it work
so technically it's not a different test
so they haven't developed it so much as
they've put it on a different sort of
system but you can take the exact same
TOEFL test that you would add a test
centre at home I'm Steeve collaborated
with this company called Proctor you so
basically they have Proctor's digitally
monitoring you while you're taking the
test at home so there's no changes to to
the test format all the test content
it's basically just even the test
experience like what you see on the
screen it's all gonna be exactly the
same the only difference is and now you
can take it at home okay but obviously
they're gonna have big security
well not issues but they're going to be
very tight on security can you tell us
about how the security is going to work
and what sort of things the student
needs to do or the candidate needs to do
yeah that's very important for
universities and even from from students
perspective I feel because you know you
don't want someone else cheating and
getting a better score than you so some
of the security features that they have
in place all right they've got to do
more with the environment so you can't
take the test anywhere anywhere like you
said it cannot be taken in public places
so you can't go to a library or a park
or anywhere outside it has to be well at
home in a room that's got a proper desk
or a table top where you can put your
laptop and you should be alone in the
room the door doma
to be shot and nobody should interrupt
you during the test and the proctor will
sort of ask you to move your camera
around to get a 360-degree view of the
room and they'll also check your glasses
to see if you have any recording devices
a camera or something with that in there
happen so yeah it's pretty strict
security wise yeah it's pretty strict
even things like the lighting in the
room you can't be in a dark room you
also have to dress nicely don't you you
can't wear your pajamas well I don't
know if you can't but they are saying
that you shouldn't okay so that's a
should yeah but what you can't wear is
like a cap or any sort of head covering
you can't cover your ears and they you
also suggest not to wear any jewelry
because again they like you know check
it upfront
I like close to the camera photos I can
I think with the head covering you're
allowed to cover your head as long as
your ears are exposed yes you should be
able to see your ears but no hats or
caps or anything sort of you know trying
to hide your face the Proctor should be
able to see that you're the person who's
taking the test
all right cool yeah it's pretty
interesting it's definitely very
innovative and um yeah I think it's
gonna be good for TOEFL I think a lot of
people will probably switch tests if
they need the test results fast for some
reason so pretty interesting cool all
right what's the next thing we're gonna
talk about sily let's see if people have
any questions about your yeah yeah
there's no questions on YouTube live so
far in fact we've only got hello our -
our only if you're alive so we have
Jackie asking on Zoo awesome
institutions in America and Canada are
not accepting this format at this stage
that's a good point Jackie so because
this has been introduced very recently
it's been what it was introduced on the
23rd of March so just about a week and a
half maybe so yeah at the moment they're
trying to get institutions to accept it
and you need to check with your
institution by the way they will accept
this
yeah yeah diff yeah yeah there's no
point going ahead and doing this if you
haven't been verified by your University
all right we've got a few other
questions in there but none relating to
the home edition of TOEFL so perhaps
we'll move on to the next section
oh so we just wanted to let you guys
know that we have this promotion going
on at the moment because we have just
launched our new TOEFL course you can
sign up and get 15 USD off but it's only
a ballot till tomorrow Oh day after so
it's only valid until the 5th of April
so make sure you do it are you
registered before that and what's on the
a2 language comm what in the TOEFL
preparation course oh I was not
expecting you to ask me that now but I
think I'll take you through the course
online like one hour oh okay yeah right
okay that sounds good cool all right
okay sorry let me just quickly take this
question from Trekkie is there any
information you guys have about the
tests being canceled in Melbourne
Australia so last I checked on the ETS
website they've still the distance radio
tests in Melbourne I'm not sure if you
know they'll eventually be postponed
because at the moment we're not
completely in lockdown here in Australia
but yeah what do you think I haven't
looked at the ETS website for testing
but I do know that IELTS and PT for
example are suspended at the moment so
it's all just waiting on you know
whether the in Co V dears up and we're
allowed to go back to our normal way of
living so my suggestion there is always
check official sources go to the ETS
website and check whether the Melbourne
office testing location is still open or
not
and the other thing is to continually
check it because it's updating I suspect
every day as this situation unfolds the
way it is yes I hope that answers your
question Jackie let's keep going so do
you guys have any questions about the
reading section yeah if you have any
questions pop them in now so Li what
about do you want to start by just
giving a bit of a broad overview of
TOEFL reading and what happens sure so
um I don't know if you guys know this
but last year in August the test changed
and the reading section actually
underwent a lot of changes so now if you
take the TOEFL
you'll get three separate passages in
the reading section and they're pretty
long they're around 700 800 words long
and you will have to answer ten
questions each so you know the TOEFL
reading section has 30 questions and
three passages so you have ten questions
after each passage and yeah pretty long
passages and we are always academic so
they'll either be taken from sort of
textbooks or drill academic journals and
they can be in different sorts of
academic fields so humanities are some
hard sciences I like physics chemistry
supply all right nice and what sort of
questions can the candidates expect in
the reading section yes let me quickly
show you that just while you're doing
that we've got a question here from
Garima you said how does the note-taking
work in the TOEFL Home Edition that's
okay I'll answer this one which is okay
so in the TOEFL test you take notes with
pen and paper or pencil and paper but
for the Home Edition you'll have to use
is it an erasable notebook sily is that
correct yeah like a little whiteboard
like a little whiteboard because what
you can't do is keep your notes after
the test is finished basically so in TS
you can use your little whiteboard a
reasonable note board as you're taking
the test but you need to erase
your notes after the test has finished
obviously so you can't hand your notes
on to somebody else or write down any
questions or anything like that
so you can still take notes but it's
just a different format we have another
question from Jackie so she's asking 9
and 10
question 9 and 10 table are they
included in the totals like okay so
that's a very good question Jackie so in
the TOEFL reading section the last two
questions like 9 and 10 it's basically
one question so it'll either be a pro
summary question let me just quickly
pull that up can you see my screen shot
yes so these are the two questions Pro
summary or fill in the table questions
which I was more than one point so they
can be two three they go up to like four
points and that time is included so you
won't be given separate time and another
thing you won't be given time separately
for each passage in all you'll be given
60 minutes and it's up to you how you
manage your time and guess through all
three passages in all 30 questions so no
you don't get any extra time per se for
those questions you just want to click
through some of these just to show the
candidate what these total reading
questions look like right so the one
that Jackie was talking about this is
the sort of the more difficult kind of
reading question that there is we just
called the pro summary question sorry
I've got like so much going on on my
laptop have we got a little slow loading
line have we yeah oh can you not see it
anymore no you're sharing your screen
can you share your desktop not yours not
your window oh so if you stop screen
sharing and then select desktop and then
you'll be able to see it right
is that better yeah that's it
got it cool how does this one work
it looks confusing yeah so basically you
have to read a passage and write to
click start then you've got this really
lengthy passage right so this is
basically so in the tofu you don't have
like separate passages for each question
there's just one so again it's like as
you can see all about 700 words yeah
then you basically have to categorize
these different types of questions sorry
I opened the fill in a table one this is
very similar to the pro summary one so
basically you just have to drag and drop
these sentences into the correct
category so if you read the passage
you'll see that they're talking about
two types of mirrors they're talking
about transactional and transformational
leaders and they're probably discussing
their qualities and you know maybe yeah
how they learn to be either of these
types of leaders good and once you've
read it you should probably make notes
because it'll be really hard for you to
like keep going back and forth between
the passage and the question yeah and
then once you've decided you can drag in
from them submit ok great Jackie's got a
good question here which is her
understanding is that you need to take
notes when you're reading because you
can't go back to read the text is that
correct actually you can switch between
the two for the last question only for
the nah no actually for the reading
overall you can do it for the listening
you can't okay you can't go back to the
listening but because the texts are so
long you can't possibly keep reading it
you know until you find the answer so
it's just a save time that we recommend
taking notes in reading yeah it's good
to take notes anyway because I think it
aids your comprehension of the text
certainly and listening I mean if you
practically can't
answer the questions in listening
without taking notes because you then
you just be relying in your memory but I
believe that when you're listening or
reading taking notes it's it's helping
you to understand what is being said or
what what is written there so it's a
good it's a good technique cool nice one
all the other questions are pretty
straightforward that's that's a
particularly confusing one right the
other ones are like multiple-choice
questions
the other ones are pretty easy yeah see
like the vocabulary question basically
asks you watch a certain word in a
passage means yeah as you can see yeah
they'll just ask you what the word
predisposition means in this context
great so correct me if I'm wrong but all
the questions are multiple-choice except
for the last two is that right yes
that's right all right good because I
remembered I took the TOEFL a couple of
years ago and I like multiple-choice
questions just because you're not being
confused by the question format itself
it's easy it's a multiple choice
question I know other tests that have
very confusing test format so I won't
name names but then there was that last
question in TOEFL and I was like what
the hell do I do here so yeah no you
need to practice it I think but it's
also if you think about it even then
insert text question even though the
format is slightly different I think
it's still a multiple choice right you
have full answers or four answer choices
and only one is correct so it's kind of
like multiple choice same with the last
two questions like you have let's say
five options three are correct or your
seven options five are correct in a way
it's all multiple choice just it's just
different is just lay it out in a
different way but yeah nice
owlette has asked when we're reading in
TOEFL the passage are we scan reading or
are we deep reading oh that's a good
question so the thing is that it depends
on the question that you're being asked
but the good thing about tofu is that
it'll tell you which paragraph to read
so it
sort of mark with a little arrow the
paragraph that the question is from so I
would suggest like you know just reading
each passage and by the time you get to
the last question you pretty much have
read almost the entire paragraph so in
almost the entire passage yes then you
sort of scan read and like you know like
I like Jay said take notes and just make
sure that you've understood whatever
you've read yeah my experience I
remember there was plenty of time I
didn't feel rushed at all in the reading
section and there was certainly enough
time to deep read and you know the
questions they're asking you require you
to deep read you know it's not a sort of
quick scanning activity it's like they
want you to understand what that
paragraph is about and then ask you a
specific question about this bit of it
so you need to understand it in order to
answer the question but I didn't feel
rushed at all actually in the TOEFL but
I do remember very much deep reading
these texts these passages if you just
have one paragraph to read I feel like
you know you have enough time to sort of
deep read you don't really have to scan
because they literally mark it for you
like a lot of questions it's highlighted
what they're asking you to look at
there's no point in scanning with you
literally told you by the way yeah yeah
precisely no it's a helpful tips it's
very well constructed isn't it cool I
don't see any more reading questions
should we move on to the next section
you may as well leave the website up
sailing which section are we going to
next it looks good right let's go to the
listening section cool do any give us an
overview of what happens here
yes listening section you have two
different types of recordings so you can
either listen to conversate like they'll
either give you conversations or
lectures I mean all you will have are
two to three conversations in three to
four lecturers so it'll be like jumbled
up so it's not like first you listen to
the conversations then lecturers it will
be mixed up and each conversation is
followed by five questions and each
lecture is followed by six
questions and again as I've answered
before you cannot go back once you've
listened you only get to listen once and
then you get to see the questions and
then there's just no way to go back so
all you have is your notes and your yes
your memory and your notes to help you
answer the question that's why I'm not
taking is so important all right cool
and what are the questions look like I'm
gonna bring one of these up to show us
well they all are pretty much the same
they'll all be multiple choice the only
one that's kind of different is the
connecting content question and this is
similar to the to the reading pro
summary and fill in the table question
okay where they'll give you they can
give you one of like two or three
different types of questions yeah so the
reason it's called connecting content is
because you have to focus on different
parts in the conversation who Elektra
and it can either be a table that you
have to fill out or it can be a multiple
choice multiple answer sort of question
so they'll give you let's say five
options of which two are correct
you can do one or it can also be
sometimes a normal multiple choice
question with four options one correct
but it will need you to like understand
bits from different parts in the
conversation Elektra alright let's have
a look wait until this to finish to
click Next not oh you can skip through
okay in the test you can't write so try
and practice without skipping or going
ahead and then go back and see if you
understood and listen this is what it
looks like yeah so you have a sort of
table kind of layout yeah and still give
you a few sentences so it's basically
like a true or false kind of question
it's to test whether you've understood
the points made in the conversation
Electra's over here they're like oh yeah
I remember this one so the
was about organic food the lecture was
about organic food and the questions are
people who buy organic food are better
informed about the world having yes
probably they can afford higher prices
yeah probably and they want to be
socially let's see if I'm right okay so
you can obviously not basing that on
your personal knowledge are you you're
only basing it on what we've said yeah
right but that's why it's very important
to listen and take notes because
although it does make not make logical
sense right that they're better informed
about the world people who buy organic
stuff oh the other two those are wrong
sorry that's right yeah all questions
will be plausible right yeah possible
and all of them make sense it's
definitely not based on your personal
experience it's based on you listening
very intently to that lecture and again
taking notes as you listen to help you
comprehend and remember what we said
cool all right we actually have no
questions on listening I think listening
is pretty straightforward perhaps we
should move to the next section which
starts it again starts to get a bit more
complicated in speaking and writing I
think there we go so in the speaking
section you basically get four different
task types and like I said in the
listening conversations and lectures are
jumbled up but that's not the case in
the speaking section so the questions
will always follow the same order the
first question will always be personal
choice where they'll ask you to choose
between two different methods or two
different approaches to doing one thing
so like a very common example would be
do you prefer to study at home or do you
like to study in a library something
like that and they'll ask you to choose
one side and support it with reasons and
explanations yeah and the second
question is summarized campus
announcement and opinion so this is the
integrated what we call integrated
tasks well first you have to read a
little announcement so it'll be related
to some sort of a campus issue so either
they will be changing something or
moving some moving a department from one
building to the other something like
that yeah so you'll have to read the
announcement and then you have to listen
to a conversation between two students
discussing that issue and obviously the
if they would be very opinionated
so they they'll strongly agree or
disagree and then finally you'll be
asked to summarize the opinion of one of
the students using the reading sort of
as a background it's like using the
context of the reading to explain it and
task three is the academic reading so
you got to summarize the academic
reading and lecture very similar to
tasks to where you're asked to read but
this time it's an academic text which
will sort of give you like basic
knowledge or like it'll introduce a new
concept and then in the lecture the
professor will actually give sort of
like real-life examples or concrete
examples of the read of the concept
introduced in the reading hmm
um do you have to again summarize you
have to basically explain the concept
using the examples from the lecture I
think these are some of the most
challenging questions in the TOEFL yeah
task 4 is relatively easier because if
you can do toss three in my opinion task
four should not be very difficult so
task 4 is where you listen to a lecture
and then you're asked to summarize that
Elektra okay you know reading good I
think that's pretty straightforward
here's a question from Teheran which is
it's a pretty broad question which is
how can I improve my speaking score and
I think there are two things going on
here one is your linguistic skills so in
terms of speaking you have to think
about your pronunciation you have to
think about your fluency how you deliver
your speech and within both of those I'm
sorry you also have to think obviously
about vocabulary and grammar and whether
you can formulate sentences
spontaneously and whether you can do
that accurately within
pronunciation and oral fluency there's
all these little subsets of
pronunciation like words stress and
intonation and pausing and connected
speech etc so that's there's that side
of things which is the English language
side of things and then of course you've
got the test format methods strategies
techniques side of things and you need
to really to be honest you need the
English language skills of course but
the test prep skills will help to boost
your score I think do you think that's
fair to say yeah definitely like you
said you know there's two different
things that you need to work on and
ultimately it's all about practice so
once you've got those once you want like
you know understood what you need to do
you just need to keep practicing those
skills to get better at them and yeah
then you'll feel more prepared for the
test yeah so they can you just open a
tab on your browser there and just go to
e to school comm so I just want to talk
about this for a little bit because we
talked about you know improving your
fundamental general English language
skills if you need to do that then check
this website out it's by e to language
it's called e to school comm where you
can learn english for free and we've got
a full pathway from beginner up to
advanced and we have all the skills
we've got pronunciation grammar
vocabulary general english like
listening reading writing speaking and
you know what it's completely free for
90 days during kovin so check that
website out if you want general english
help but for test prep help it's all on
e to language comm and that's why we've
built these courses and somebody's asked
a question here but then retracted the
question but I remember what the
question was which was do you offer like
methods or strategies in the eg language
website for spit for speaking yes we do
[Music]
that's the methods video basically so
this is speaking tasks - yep and in the
live classes you go through the methods
yes and in the life classes we all saw
practice skills so you'll practice
note-taking we'll practice sort of
trying to speed read through stuff
how does Kim you know other other skills
like that and even for your speaking
we'll go through the marking criteria
and work on each criterion each week so
we can know give our absolute best on
testing and practice I said earlier that
you know you should practice you can
just sign up for free to each language
comm and you can basically practice so
we've got about we've got quite a bit of
practice here so we've got some
activities that you can do where you can
record your own voice and then we have
got some samples for you to score so
that you get an idea of what the
examiners are looking for and then
finally you got to record your own
answers and you have to score them
yourself
so you know how you're going and where
you can improve good one
one of the questions was do you have any
templates now I'll talk a little bit
about templates because you have to be
very careful with templates methods and
strategies great that's a that's the
best way to prepare memorizing a
template first of all you have no idea
what you're going to hear in the lecture
nor read so you can't really memorize
content right and you have to be very
careful if you're going to memorize a
structure that you're going to use for
everyone because the TOEFL examiners who
are listening are very well trained on
picking out templates again this person
has memorized that therefore they're
going to get zero or very low score I'm
not sure how they do it they probably do
zero so avoid templates avoid memorized
answers you need to be flexible and
spontaneous and you need the language
skills and you need the test prep skills
so they do actually give you a zero not
explicitly that if they think you know
you're using like a template or your
your response is memorized they will
just people
not check your on so they basically just
give you a zero so all the hard work has
gone to waste but what we help you with
is sort of structures like you know how
to start a sentence what vocab you can
use you know like those helpful bits and
then you I feel like with enough
training you would be able to put it
together and make a beautiful sentence
from it for which you'll get like a good
score rather than memorizing something
and risking getting a zero yeah
nice okay here's a really bare bones
question which is it's the lecture or
the conversation after the reading
passage hold on okay the question is so
you've got the listening in the reading
are they always contradictory like one
opinion here another contradictory
opinion here that's a really good
question
No so sometimes the reading will
contradict whatever I'm sorry the
listening will contradict whatever has
been said in the reading sometimes it
will support it ah that being said the
more common one is the contradictory one
but you could still get a sort of
comparative one nice good I think brain
is you happy with that answer I think
that's pretty clear
cool anonymous let's go to where are we
writing writing now we have speaking
assessments don't we that people can
submit through and get expert feedback
can you just briefly talk about those
yeah um so we've got two of the task one
so they're independent task one so you
can record your answers and submit it to
us and get detailed feedback on your
response so we we use the same marking
criteria that's tofu does but ours is
more detail I'd say because we want to
give you feedback and help you you know
improve your skills so we've got two at
the moment for the independent task one
and for the other tasks we've got a few
here as well and if you feel like you
still need more help we have this thumb
speaking intensive package where we'll
give you access to four more speaking
assessments that you
nice perfect great alright let's talk
about the writing section which is um
it's a nicely constructed test because
just like integrating an independent
speaking that have the same thing for
writing but can you briefly explain how
the writing section works yes so again
the writing section has two tasks the
first one is the integrated here so
remember that in the speaking you do the
independent one first but in the writing
you actually do the integrated task
first and that's pretty similar to task
two and three from the speaking section
where you basically read something here
it's always academic you read an
academic text you listen to a lecture
and you're sort of asked to write a
summary so they say that a good response
would be between 150 to 225 words so
there's no upper limit but I feel like
200 try and write at least 200 words and
also in each of so they're in each
reading and listening they will be
making three points three main ideas so
you will need more than like 150 words
to express those anyway and this is how
we apply out our course so first we
introduce the whole section then we have
a little quiz to see if you understood
if you understood what you know we've
just explained to you then we have
note-taking for reading where you take
notes for the reading section and then
note-taking for listening so maybe I
should mention here that the reading
actually comes back on the screen when
you're about to write so they'll show
you the reading first and then they'll
stop the listening the reading will just
appear but when you are about to write
the summary the reading comes back yeah
but again you don't want to waste time
you only have 20 minutes to write your
response so you don't want to waste time
reading the passage again so we suggest
taking notes in the three minutes that
they give you to read the passage
finally write a summary and again you
got to score your own response nice yeah
good and we have writing assessments as
well where you can submit your writing
through to our expert teachers who will
then give you feedback within 48 hours I
think all of this is kind of
quite conceptual and it's can you stop
scrolling it's like it's quite
conceptual you know it's hard to
understand as soon as you do it those
things you see as soon as you start
practicing you're like aha I understand
what's going on here so you are feeling
a little bit nervous about your test
because you like I don't understand it
properly do it that's the best way to do
it and I think signing up for free to
start with having a little look around
getting a feel for it and then if you do
decide to upgrade you get access to the
live classes to feedback to tutorials
and even a mock test depending on your
package cool all right
independent writing is a-ok sorry one
question from before Tarun is asked do
you have a specific TOEFL speaking
course available on e - yes we've got
the speaking intensive package which is
for people who just require help with
speaking you will get access to all the
other course materials but you'll be
able to submit your right speaking
through the system to get feedback which
is good
cool I think that's all for questions so
let's have a look at writing okay so
independent writing is your standard
essay writing so I think it's a lot
easier than the integrated one well for
some people so independent writing
they'll ask you a question
so it'll sort of be like do you agree or
disagree with a certain concept or
they'll ask you something hypothetical I
think of the essays you wrote in primary
school I think like if you were a
millionaire what would you do with all
your money something like that so they
have like a wide range of topics that
they can choose from and we look at
these in our life classes and go through
each one each week but if you just want
to practice we have some lectures we
have some lecture videos for you and
then we have some activities for you to
practice and again we'll get you to
score your own essay so you know how
well you have done and by any terms
cool great nice
okay Sabrina is asking how much of the
fee so our packages Ani to language comm
vary from Express package which gives
you access to all of the content and
live classes is 39 us
then there's Express Plus which is
content live classes and a mock test
with feedback on your speaking and
writing which is 59 us but remember
we've got a little fifteen dollar
voucher available now it will give you
$15 off it's available for two more days
what was the voucher code again nice a
new if you enter this voucher code at
the payment gateway it will reduce the
cost of the course by fifteen dollars so
well worth doing I think I think
investing in your preparation for a test
is a very good idea because many people
fail to get the scores they need on
their first attempt then they prepare
properly and they've wasted time they've
wasted money so it's better just to
spend a little bit of money now to sort
of increase your chances of success cool
alright so independent writing is pretty
much like it's a bit like IELTS writing
task 2 it's a bit like a PT so it's just
a pretty much a discursive essay so but
nevertheless we do provide you with a
good structure and methods for that one
as well cool is there anything else
slightly we also have mock tests for you
so just reading and listening more tests
but apart from that and as you can see
we have grammar lessons to help you
improve your grammar but of course we
look at grammar in depth 22 school yeah
and we also have a timed mini mock test
for you look I've already taken this out
that's how did you go very well nice so
we do have like a mini mock test which
is timed so the reason it's mini is
because I don't think anybody wants to
spend three hours you know doing the
whole test so you'll get one passage one
reading
passage with 10 questions and in the
listening section you get one lecture
and one conversation so you sort of get
an idea of how well you've done on those
and you can extrapolate because those
are the same questions that are repeated
in the test so we have those two and we
have come like the speaking section is
like a full-length speaking section so
all those four questions and same for
the writing section you get the
independent as well as the integrated
writing tasks try to indicate your level
according to the tofu and it'll give you
like in depth feedback so where you went
wrong no I said nice I think this is a
great thing to do if you haven't taken
two things if you haven't taken the
TOEFL test before you should do this
because they'll show you your weak areas
and what you need to do to improve so
that's really helpful
the second reason it's good is if you
have taken TOEFL before and you failed
but you don't really know what went
wrong
you take this provide you with
comprehensive feedback you can identify
what you did or didn't do right which is
good okay Torrens just asked about words
so a little technical question about
word count sorry for the independence
you have to write a minimum of 300 words
okay and if you write more than that it
doesn't increase your score there's just
a minimum threshold as long as you write
over 300 cool nice oh yeah all right we
had a question along those lines
somebody was asking how can I write a
long paragraph in an online test I guess
are you referring to your typing speed
because there's no like technical
restriction on how long it can be
because like I said it's a minimum of
300 words so you can write you can write
600 a thousand but obviously like you
need to take the time into consideration
just practice typing so like if you
practice on each language of course
you'll have to type your answers if you
like the more you type the better you
guessed yes yes that
that's what you meant look if somebody
actually has computer digital literacies
problems like you're not a fast typer or
you're not good on the computer
I wouldn't recommend this test I'd go
and take a paper-based test okay but if
you're a good type or anything
comfortable on the computer this is a
great test which I think most people are
sir yeah okay
so brain was worried about note-taking
on the array in the home edition of
total she's worried about note-taking on
the erasable no board thing my
suggestion would be to get it to get one
of those those whiteboard markers
obviously not a big one one of those
thin ones and probably do some practice
the day before taking notes to seek and
get your make sure your ideas are clear
I think he's great sorry I just think it
would be fine I wouldn't be worried
about it but he's right like you know
you have to practice with a marker and
you think about it like you know your
notes have to be legible so you have to
like it you need to make like longer
strokes and like when you're writing it
is kind of different but like anything
else if you practice you should be able
to ace the test exactly cool and Jackie
seems happy that e to school is
available so that's great so do check
that website out if you need that
fundamental grammar vocab cool all right
anything else oily that's pretty much it
we also offer tutorials so if you're
struggling with a particular even after
getting feedback from us if you're
struggling with one particular thing
like something like word choice like you
you just can't get the hang of it you
can set up a tutorial with one of our
TOEFL experts and they'll be happy to
take you through it and like you know
give you personalized feedback one on
one there's lots there isn't there
yeah live class you can watch the
recorded live classes the assessments
we've talked about the mock tests all of
the different practice questions the
methods lessons the overview lessons
there's heaps
so fine here and have a look around
check it out cool alright no problem
let's um if you can stop screen sharing
in their mall saying goodbye and wish
people luck and then yeah cool thanks
for joining us everyone and I got all
your questions answered sorry if we get
any questions I don't think we did but
in case we did sorry about that
um and I hope you sign up and have a
look around and get some practice before
your test and thanks for joining us
cool thanks very much of run good luck
see you soon